# Alloy entitlements by executable for iOS 17, from https://newosxbook.com/ent.jl

/usr/libexec/sysdiagnosed
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.sysdiagnose
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.sysdiagnose

/usr/libexec/routined
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.safetymonitor.ownaccount
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.safetymonitor
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.multiplex1
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.safetymonitor.ownaccount
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.safetymonitor

/usr/libexec/seld
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.remoteadmin
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.remoteadmin

/usr/libexec/brookcompaniond
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.brook
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.brook

/usr/libexec/bulletindistributord
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.bulletindistributor
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.bulletindistributor.settings
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.bulletindistributor
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.bulletindistributor.settings

/usr/libexec/nptocompaniond
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.photos.proxy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.tinker.photos
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.tinker.photos

/usr/libexec/sharingd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.activity
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.auth
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.auth.classa
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.encryption
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.tethering
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.unlock
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[7]: com.apple.private.alloy.nearby
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[8]: com.apple.private.alloy.sharing.paireddevice
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[9]: com.apple.private.alloy.sharing.ranging
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[10]: com.apple.private.alloy.sms
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[11]: com.apple.private.alloy.intercom
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.activity
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.auth
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.auth.classa
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.encryption
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.tethering
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.nearby
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.continuity.unlock
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.sharing.paireddevice
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.sharing.ranging

/usr/libexec/audioaccessoryd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.icloudpairing
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.icloudpairing

/usr/libexec/transparencyStaticKey
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.keytransparency.accountkey.pinning
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.keytransparency.accountkey.pinning

/usr/libexec/coreduetd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.coreduet
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.coreduet

/usr/libexec/addressbooksyncd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.addressbooksync

/usr/libexec/symptomsd-helper
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.autobugcapture
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.autobugcapture
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.autobugcapture

/usr/libexec/anomalydetectiond
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.kappa
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.kappa

/usr/libexec/locationd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.motion
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.auth
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.stream
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.usage
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.wifitilesync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.motion.livabilityprogram
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.regulatorysync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[7]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.fencehandoff
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.auth
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.stream
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.motion
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.usage
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.motion.livabilityprogram
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.regulatorysync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.location.fencehandoff

/usr/libexec/asktod
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.askto
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.askto

/usr/libexec/fmfd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmf
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmf
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmf

/usr/libexec/atc
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.nanomediasync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.airtraffic
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.airtraffic
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.nanomediasync

/usr/libexec/tzd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.timezonesync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.timezonesync

/usr/libexec/ProxiedCrashCopier
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.proxiedcrashcopier
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.proxiedcrashcopier.icloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.proxiedcrashcopier
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.proxiedcrashcopier.icloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.proxiedcrashcopier.icloud

/usr/libexec/companiond
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.companion.auth
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.companion.auth

/usr/libexec/companion_proxy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.companionproxy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.companionproxy

/usr/libexec/findmydeviced
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.findmydeviced.aoverc
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.findmydeviced.watch
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.findmydeviced.watch

/usr/libexec/tipsd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.tips

/usr/libexec/eventkitsyncd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.eventkitmutation
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.eventkitsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.internal.watch.calendar.analytics

/usr/libexec/searchpartyd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmd.local
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.findmy.itemsharing-crossaccount
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmd.local
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.findmy.itemsharing-crossaccount

/usr/libexec/gamed
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.gamecenter
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.gamecenter

/usr/libexec/otpaird
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.octagon

/usr/libexec/demod
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.mobilestoredemo
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.mobilestoredemo

/usr/libexec/mediaplaybackd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fignero

/usr/libexec/screenshotsyncd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.screenshotter

/usr/libexec/nsurlsessiond
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.nsurlsessionproxy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.nsurlsessionproxy

/usr/libexec/seserviced
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.keysharing
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.keysharing

/usr/libexec/biomesyncd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.contextsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.contextsync.local
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.contextsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.contextsync.local

/usr/libexec/announced
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.intercom
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.dropin.setup
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.intercom
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.dropin.setup

/usr/libexec/resourcegrabberd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.resourcegrabber
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.resourcegrabber

/usr/libexec/duetexpertd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.apppredictionsync

/usr/libexec/sensorkitd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.sensorkitkeys
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.sensorkit
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.sensorkitkeys
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.sensorkit

/usr/libexec/findmylocated
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmf.local
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmf
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmf
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmf.local

/usr/libexec/nanomediaremotelinkagent
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.audiocontrol.music
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.mediaremote
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.audiocontrol.music
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.mediaremote

/usr/libexec/rapportd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.coreduet.sync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.nearby
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.coreduet.sync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.nearby
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.coreduet.sync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.nearby

/usr/libexec/coordinated
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.alarms-timers
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.alarms-timers

/usr/libexec/nanoregistryd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetoothregistry.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetoothregistryclassa
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetoothregistryclassc
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetoothregistry
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.tinker.nanoregistry
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetoothregistry.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetoothregistryclassa
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetoothregistryclassc
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetoothregistry
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.tinker.nanoregistry

/usr/libexec/symptomsd-diag
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.autobugcapture
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.autobugcapture
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.autobugcapture

/usr/libexec/symptomsd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.autobugcapture
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.autobugcapture
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.autobugcapture

/usr/libexec/wcd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.watchconnectivity
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.watchconnectivity.classd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.watchconnectivity
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.watchconnectivity.classd

/usr/libexec/diagnosticextensionsd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.ded.watch
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.ded
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.ded
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.ded.watch
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.ded
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.ded.watch

/usr/libexec/timed
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.timesync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.timesync

/usr/libexec/transparencyd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.keytransparency.accountkey.pinning
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.keytransparency.accountkey.pinning

/usr/libexec/audiomxd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fignero
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.cmsession
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetooth.audio
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.cmsession
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetooth.audio

/usr/libexec/keychainsharingmessagingd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.kcsharing.invite
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.kcsharing.invite

/usr/libexec/appleaccountd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accounts.representative
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accounts.representative

/usr/libexec/fmflocatord
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fmflocator

/usr/libexec/tursd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.voicemailsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.telephonyutilitiestemporary

/usr/libexec/avconferenced
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fignero
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.cmsession
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetooth.audio
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.cmsession
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetooth.audio

/usr/sbin/wifid
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.wifi.networksync

/usr/sbin/WirelessRadioManagerd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.iratmanager
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.iratmanager

/usr/sbin/mediaserverd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fignero
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.cmsession
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetooth.audio
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.cmsession
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.bluetooth.audio

/System/Library/CoreServices/SpringBoard.app/SpringBoard
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.bulletinboard
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.donotdisturb
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.siri.phrasespotter
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.bulletinboard
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.donotdisturb
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.siri.phrasespotter

/System/Library/CoreServices/AccessibilityUIServer.app/Extensions/AccessibilityAppIntents.appex/AccessibilityAppIntents
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accessibility.local
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accessibility.local

/System/Library/CoreServices/AccessibilityUIServer.app/AccessibilityUIServer
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accessibility.local
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accessibility.local

/System/Library/CoreServices/AssistiveTouch.app/assistivetouchd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accessibility.switchcontrol
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accessibility.switchcontrol

/System/Library/CoreServices/ScreenSharingServer.app/ScreenSharingServer
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.safeview
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.safeview

/System/Library/CoreServices/ClarityBoard.app/ClarityBoard
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.bulletinboard
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.bulletinboard

/System/Library/CoreServices/VoiceOverTouch.app/vot
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.voiceoversynthesis

/System/Library/Frameworks/HealthKit.framework/healthd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.healthapp.messaging
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.health.sync.classc
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.fitnessfriends.icloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.fitnessfriends.imessage
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.health.sync.sharingsetup
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.healthappnotificationsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.healthapp.messaging
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.fitnessfriends.icloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.fitnessfriends.imessage
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.healthapp.messaging
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.health.sync.classc
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.health.sync.sharingsetup
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.healthappnotificationsync

/System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework/Support/CommCenter
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.ct.commcenter.p2w.settings
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.ct.baseband.p2p.notification
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.ct.commcenter.sim
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.thumper.settings
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.thumper.keys
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.ct.commcenter.sim.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.tinker.telephony
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.ct.commcenter.p2w.settings
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.ct.baseband.p2p.notification
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.ct.commcenter.sim
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.thumper.settings
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.thumper.keys
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.ct.commcenter.sim.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.tinker.telephony

/System/Library/Frameworks/Accounts.framework/accountsd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accountssync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accountssync

/System/Library/Frameworks/FamilyControls.framework/FamilyControlsAgent
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.familycontrols
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.familycontrols

/System/Library/Frameworks/GroupActivities.framework/XPCServices/GroupSessionService.xpc/GroupSessionService
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.session
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.safari.groupactivities
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.notes
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.multi
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.carmelsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.gftaastest.communication
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[7]: com.apple.private.alloy.arcade.fastsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.session
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.safari.groupactivities
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.notes
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.multi
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.gftaastest.communication
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.carmelsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[7]: com.apple.private.alloy.arcade.fastsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.session
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.safari.groupactivities
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.notes
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.gftaastest.communication
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.multi
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.carmelsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[7]: com.apple.private.alloy.arcade.fastsync

/System/Library/Frameworks/WatchKit.framework/Support/companionappd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.sockpuppet
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.sockpuppet.classd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.sockpuppet
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.sockpuppet.classd

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TCC.framework/Support/tccd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.tccd.sync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.tccd.msg
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.tccd.sync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.tccd.msg

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppConduit.framework/Support/appconduitd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.appconduit
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.appconduit.v2
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.appsyncconduit
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.appsyncconduit.v2
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.appconduit
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.appconduit.v2
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.appsyncconduit
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.appsyncconduit.v2

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NanoBackup.framework/nanobackupd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.nanobackup

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaStream.framework/Support/mstreamd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.photostream
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.photostream

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NanoLeash.framework/companionfindlocallyd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.findmylocaldevice
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.findmylocaldevice

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ActivitySharingServices.framework/activitysharingd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fitnessfriends.icloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.fitnessfriends.imessage
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.fitnessfriends.icloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.fitnessfriends.imessage

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iOSDiagnostics.framework/XPCServices/com.apple.DiagnosticsSessionAvailibility.xpc/com.apple.DiagnosticsSessionAvailibility
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.iosdiagnostics.icloud

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iOSDiagnostics.framework/iosdiagnosticsd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.iosdiagnostics.icloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.iosdiagnostics
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.iosdiagnostics
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.iosdiagnostics.icloud

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ChronoCore.framework/Support/chronod
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.widgets
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.widgets

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenTimeCore.framework/ScreenTimeAgent
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.digitalhealth
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.screentimelocal
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.screentime
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.digitalhealth
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.screentimelocal
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.screentime

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SleepDaemon.framework/sleepd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.sleep.classd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.avconference.avctester
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.sleep.classd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.avconference.avctester

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SocialLayer.framework/sociallayerd.app/sociallayerd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.gelato

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NanoSystemSettings.framework/nanosystemsettingsd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.systemsettings
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.systemsettings.files
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.systemsettings
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.systemsettings.files

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CompanionCamera.framework/Support/companioncamerad
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.camera.proxy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.camera.proxy

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SchoolTime.framework/Support/schooltimed
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.tinker.school
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.tinker.school

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AssistantServices.framework/assistantd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.siri.device
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.siri.icloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.siri.location
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.siri.proxy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.siri.device
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.siri.icloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.siri.location
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.siri.proxy

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NewsServices.framework/nanonewscd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.news

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DoNotDisturbServer.framework/Support/donotdisturbd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.status.personal
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.donotdisturb
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.donotdisturb
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.status.personal

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ChatKit.framework/companionmessagesd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.messages
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.quickboard.classa

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IDSFoundation.framework/IDSCredentialsAgent.app/IDSCredentialsAgent
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.idscredentials
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.idscredentials

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IDSFoundation.framework/IDSRemoteURLConnectionAgent.app/IDSRemoteURLConnectionAgent
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.idsremoteurlconnection
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.idsremoteurlconnection

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NanoTimeKit.framework/nanotimekitcompaniond
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.clockface.sync

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iTunesCloud.framework/Support/itunescloudd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.itunescloudd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.itunescloudd

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/XPCServices/com.apple.FTLivePhotoService.xpc/com.apple.FTLivePhotoService
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.messaging
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.lp
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.messaging
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.lp

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.dropin.communication
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.multi
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.video
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.lp
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.phonecontinuity
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.phone.auth
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[7]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.audio
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[8]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.sync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.dropin.communication
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.multi
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.video
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.lp
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.phonecontinuity
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.phone.auth
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.audio
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[7]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.sync

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMCore.framework/imagent.app/imagent
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.avconference.avctester
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.electrictouch
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.messagesquickswitch
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.sms
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.sms.watch
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.biz
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[7]: com.apple.private.alloy.messagenotification
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[8]: com.apple.private.alloy.gelato
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[9]: com.apple.private.alloy.nameandphoto
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.avconference.avctester
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.electrictouch
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.messagesquickswitch
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.sms.watch
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.sms
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.biz
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[7]: com.apple.private.alloy.messagenotification
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[8]: com.apple.private.alloy.gelato
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[9]: com.apple.private.alloy.nameandphoto

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SessionCore.framework/Support/liveactivitiesd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.sessionkit
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.sessionkit

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaRemote.framework/Support/mediaremoted
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.mw
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.itunes
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.avconference.avctester
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.mediaremote.v2
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.messaging
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.mw
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.itunes
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.avconference.avctester
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.mediaremote.v2
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.messaging

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GroupKit.framework/groupkitd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupkit
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupkit.invite
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupkit
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupkit.invite

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EmailDaemon.framework/maild
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.fetches
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.sync.accounts
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.sync.content
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.sync.messages
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.sync.protected.content
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.sync.protected
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.fetches
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.sync.accounts
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.sync.content
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.sync.messages
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.sync.protected.content
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.mail.sync.protected

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LockdownMode.framework/lockdownmoded
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.lockdownmode
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.lockdownmode

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HomeKitDaemon.framework/Support/homed
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.willow
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.willow.proxy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.willow.stream
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.home
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.home.invite
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.willow
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.willow.proxy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.willow.stream
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.home
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.home.invite

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AuthKit.framework/akd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.anisette
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.anisette

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PairedUnlock.framework/pairedunlockd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.pairedunlock
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.pairedunlock

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MapsSupport.framework/mapspushd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.maps
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.maps.eta
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.maps
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.maps.eta

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MapsSupport.framework/nanomapscd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.maps.sync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.maps.proxy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.maps.proxy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.maps.sync

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NearbySessions.framework/XPCServices/com.apple.SharePlay.NearbyInvitationsService.xpc/com.apple.SharePlay.NearbyInvitationsService
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.gftaastest.communication
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.gftaastest.communication
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.gftaastest.communication
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.groupRemoteControl.cloud

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UsageTracking.framework/UsageTrackingAgent
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.usagetracking
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.usagetracking

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMTransferServices.framework/IMTransferAgent.app/IMTransferAgent
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.idstransfers
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.idstransfers

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileTimer.framework/Executables/mobiletimerd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.mobiletimersync

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SOS.framework/sosd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.soscoordination
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.soscoordination

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppStoreDaemon.framework/Support/appstored
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.appstore
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.appstore

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ApplePushService.framework/apsd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.pushproxy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.pushproxy

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/StatusKit.framework/StatusKitAgent
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.status.keysharing
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.status.keysharing

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProtectedCloudStorage.framework/Helpers/ProtectedCloudKeySyncing
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.pcskey.sync

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CallHistory.framework/Support/CallHistorySyncHelper
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.callhistorysync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.callhistorysync

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleMediaServices.framework/amsaccountsd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.amsaccountsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.amsaccountsync

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WorkflowKit.framework/PlugIns/ShortcutsIntents.appex/ShortcutsIntents
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.shortcuts
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.shortcuts

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WorkflowKit.framework/XPCServices/BackgroundShortcutRunner.xpc/BackgroundShortcutRunner
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.shortcuts
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.shortcuts

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NanoPreferencesSync.framework/nanoprefsyncd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.preferencessync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.preferencessync.pairedsync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.preferencessync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.preferencessync.pairedsync

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RemoteMediaServices.framework/remotemediaservicesd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.remotemediaservices
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.remotemediaservices

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NanoPassKit.framework/NPKCompanionAgent
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.general
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.relevancy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.maintenance
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.applepay.identitycredential
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.general
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.relevancy
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.maintenance
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.applepay.identitycredential

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdateBridge.framework/Support/subridged
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.otaupdate
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.otaupdate.cloud
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.otaupdate
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.otaupdate.cloud

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UserNotificationsCore.framework/Support/usernotificationsd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.bulletinboard
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.bulletinboard

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSuggestions.framework/suggestd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.suggestions.smartreplies

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VoiceShortcuts.framework/Support/siriactionsd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.shortcuts
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.siri.voiceshortcuts
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.shortcuts

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PassKitCore.framework/passd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.applepay
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.applepay.sharing
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.provisioning
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.applepay
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.applepay.sharing

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FaceTimeMessageStore.framework/facetimemessagestored
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.messaging
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.messaging

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleAccountUI.framework/PlugIns/AAUIFollowUpExtension.appex/AAUIFollowUpExtension
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accounts.representative
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accounts.representative

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HearingCore.framework/heard
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.hearing
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.hearing

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NeighborhoodActivityConduit.framework/XPCServices/com.apple.NeighborhoodActivityConduitService.xpc/com.apple.NeighborhoodActivityConduitService
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.multi
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.high-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.facetime.multi

/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NanoAppRegistry.framework/Support/nanoappregistryd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.appregistrysync

/System/Library/TextInput/kbd
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.kbd.transfer
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.kbd.transfer

/private/var/staged_system_apps/Shortcuts.app/Shortcuts
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.shortcuts
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.shortcuts

/private/var/staged_system_apps/Home.app/PlugIns/HomeWidget.appex/HomeWidget
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.home
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.home.invite
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.willow

/private/var/staged_system_apps/Home.app/PlugIns/HomeWidgetSingleAccessoryIntent.appex/HomeWidgetSingleAccessoryIntent
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.home
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.home.invite
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.willow

/private/var/staged_system_apps/Home.app/PlugIns/HomeWidgetLockScreen.appex/HomeWidgetLockScreen
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.home
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.home.invite
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.willow

/private/var/staged_system_apps/Home.app/Home
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.home
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.home.invite
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.willow

/private/var/staged_system_apps/Bridge.app/Bridge
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.nanomediasync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.provisioning
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.pbbridge
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.audiocontrol.bridge
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.carousel.uitrigger
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.utilitybelt
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[7]: com.apple.private.alloy.pbbridge.connectivity
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[8]: com.apple.private.alloy.tinker.messages
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.nanomediasync
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.provisioning
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.pbbridge
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[3]: com.apple.private.alloy.audiocontrol.bridge
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[4]: com.apple.private.alloy.carousel.uitrigger
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[5]: com.apple.private.alloy.utilitybelt
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[6]: com.apple.private.alloy.tinker.messages

/private/var/staged_system_apps/Passbook.app/Passbook
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.provisioning

/Applications/MobileSMS.app/PlugIns/MessagesAssistantExtension.appex/MessagesAssistantExtension
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.biz

/Applications/MobileSMS.app/PlugIns/MessagesTranscriptExtension.appex/MessagesTranscriptExtension
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.biz

/Applications/MobileSMS.app/PlugIns/MessagesNotificationExtension.appex/MessagesNotificationExtension
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.biz

/Applications/MobileSMS.app/MobileSMS
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.biz

/Applications/Diagnostics.app/Diagnostics
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.iosdiagnostics.icloud

/Applications/Preferences.app/Preferences
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.maps.eta
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.sms
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[2]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.provisioning

/Applications/SubcredentialUIService.app/PlugIns/SubcredentialInvitationMessagesExtension.appex/SubcredentialInvitationMessagesExtension
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[1]: com.apple.private.alloy.keysharing

/Applications/AXRemoteViewService.app/AXRemoteViewService
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.accessibility.switchcontrol

/Applications/MessagesViewService.app/MessagesViewService
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.biz

/Applications/PassbookUIService.app/PassbookUIService
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.provisioning
com.apple.private.ids.messaging.urgent-priority[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.passbook.provisioning

/Applications/CredentialSharingUIViewService.app/PlugIns/ShareableCredentialsMessagesExtension.appex/ShareableCredentialsMessagesExtension
com.apple.private.ids.messaging[0]: com.apple.private.alloy.harmony.pushprovisioning